Last we left off, we integrated the Google Maps Node SDK into our application and we partially implemented
the Geocode API, but what we ran into is that when we actually wanted to do our request to get the
geocode information, our API, he was invalid.
And that is because we didn't really fill in an epic.
Now, you may have gone and tried this out and filled an API directly in here, but the problem here
is you do not want to put your API keys directly in your code, especially if you're going to push it
up to GitHub, because now at that stage it is publicly available.
So what you usually do is you have the server maintain the environment configuration so the server is
going to store our keys.
Now, how do we do that?
Well, environment configuration, often you'll need additional configuration for your functions, such
as third party Epic's tunable settings.
Firebase has a built in environment manager to retrieve this type of data for us.
And so it's showing us specifically how we can do this to store environment data.
You can use the firebase functions, config set command, and so this can be namespace.
So what we need to do is we can do something like this.
And when we utilize this, some service thought key is now going to be available to us after running
functions, that you must redeploy the functions to make the configuration available.
Now, you must note here that when you set this configuration, it is not immediately available to the
local environment.
But let's go through it.
Let's see what happens.